Task/devguide release (#1006)
LLNL/RAJA: docs/sphinx/dev_guide/branch_development.rst

structure of the repository. As in other branching models, developers develop 
code on a local branch and push their work to a central repository.

---------------------------------
Persistent, Protected Branches
---------------------------------

The **main** and **develop** branches are the two primary branches we use.
They always exist and are protected in the RAJA GitHub project in that
changes to them only occur as a result of approved pull requests. The 
distinction between the main and develop branches is an important part of 
Gitflow.

  * The *main* branch records the release history of the project. Each time 
    the main branch is changed, a new tag for a new code version is made. 
    See :ref:`semver-label` for a description of the version numbering scheme 
    we use.

  * The *develop* branch is used to integrate and test new features and most
    bug fixes before they are merged into the main branch for a release.

.. important:: **Development never occurs directly on the main branch or 
               develop branch.**

All other branches in the RAJA repo are temporary and are used to perform 

> specific development tasks. When such a branch is no longer needed, after it
> is merged for example, the branch is deleted typically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific development tasks. When such a branch is no longer needed (e.g., after it
is merged), the branch is typically deleted.
```

Author: @kab163 thanks for proofreading and the suggested changes. I'm making modifications based on these.
